[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Here's
a little intro on Webpack and
then we're gonna set you all
loose to pack of some stuff.
So like I said, we'll be using Gulp and
Webpack as our system.
If you haven't used Gulp before,
don't worry, the stuff you're gonna
be looking at is pretty much all
built out with a lot of notes and
you'll be able to figure
out what's going on.
But the way we're gonna use it is
Gulp is gonna orchestrate Webpack and
handle things like copying files and
like serving our app.
And Webpack will transpile and
bundle our code.
So it will take our source code
whether it's a JavaScript,
HTML TNG whatever it will take all
that stuff and bundle it for us.
And also I want you know that Webpack
can also serve application to I'm just
choosing to use Gulp and some other tasks.
Because if I'm gonna use Gulp and
it's going to be there for other tasks.
I'm also gonna use it to control certain
serving my application all the Webpack
has like a Webpack server
that you can use and
has like hot code injection
which is really awesome.
It like injects the JavaScript into
the page and keep the status like legit.
So you can do that with Webpack but
we're not gonna do that.
We're just gonna use plain old Gulp for
all that stuff and Webpack just for
compiling and transpiling and bundling.
The sweet thing about a Webpack that I
really like is that it treats everything
as a module everything.
So if you ever use node think Common js.
Now also when you think about Common
js you think importing JavaScript or
JSON files.
Now imagine you can require HTML,
CSS, JavaScript.
So any file you want,
you can you can require.
That's what Webpack does in the browser.
It's like what,
why don't I wouldn't import a JPG?
You'll see, like, I know it's
kind of crazy to think about it,
but it's really nice.
So this is like the future of development
and JSP allows you to do this too,
it's just their plug in
system isn't quite there yet.
But they allow you to
do this stuff as well.
So, this is the future of web development.
And I think, once I started to use this
process, I was like, I just can't go back.
Having the right link tag in the head or
a script tag it was just like,
I don't want to do it.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH].
>> Scott Moss: So, first thing
we need to do is we need to create
a webpack.config.js on the root
of our application.
Don't worry about doing this right now
this is just to show you this stuff is
already going to be
there in the actual app.
And I'll show you the branch
to check out too.
So we need to create this
in our root to application.
Because Webpack is gonna look for
this file by default by
the name of webpack.config.js.
Just like Gulp looks for gulp file js and
grunt looks for grunt file.
Webpack looks for Webpack.config.js.
That's what it's looking for.
And it's gonna look something like this.
Not exactly but something like this.
Here's just some comments on like
what the hell is going on here and
what this stuff is.
So, context is just where
Webpack is gonna resolve the entry file
to our application, what directory.
And then entry is where's the first
file that Webpack needs to load up.
And that file is gonna
load up other files and
that file is gonna load up other files.
So, the way you should be thinking
about this stuff is kept sound file but
really should start thinking about
the code that we write are just modules.
Everything is a module.
So we're going to be writing modules,
we're going to be importing,
then acquiring and
exporting these modules.
Whether that's JavaScript HTML,
CSS they're all modules.
So Webpack is gonna handle that.
So it starts at one module and then as
a tree it starts to import all the other
modules that are being required by that
entry module and so forth and so forth.
Output is the name of the file that
Webpack is gonna, cuz it's gonna bundle
all our modules in one file this is the
name of the file that it's gonna create.
Bundle.js.
That's the standard name you
see that a lot Bundle.js.
And then to this path.
So to the distbundle.js.
Dev tool this is like how do you want
to handle any type of like development
workflow?
What I'm telling Webpack
is I just want source maps,
just make me some source map files.
Standard source map files that
way if you launch a debug or
something we can see our source code and
not whatever Babel spit out.
Or whatever Webpack has, right.
And then here's the candy,
here's the sugar.
So we have this module object
of this loaders array.
So this loaders array,
if you've ever used Grunt or
Gulp, this is where you would like
make tasks and have your plugins.
So these loaders array takes objects.
And the way these objects works is that
they take a test property which is
just like a red jacks that runs against
a filename, a file pattern that matches.
Then it will run the associated loader.
So loader is like a plugin.
So right now I have any file
that has a CSS extension on it
I wanna run it through the CSS loader and
the style loader.
So this bang right here as zoom in on it.
This means.
This is how you separate two loaders.
So and it reads from right to left so
that means any file with the CSS extension
run it through the CSS loader first.
Once that's done run it
through the style loader.
So these loaders are independently
downloaded from NPM and
they do different things.
So in this case the CSS loader
converts the CSS file into
a module handles all the URL's inside
of it that may be inside of it.
And the style loader puts
it in the head for us.
So we don't have to write
a link tag anymore.
It will literally write
a style tag in the head.
So once we import this file,
or require this file.
It's in the head, we're good, no more link
tags, so it's really, really, really cool.
Sweet, any questions on this?
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Jevons P would like to
know your opinion on Browserify.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
So I guess I should have mentioned
Browserify, it's hard [LAUGH] there's so
many things out there.
So my opinion on Browserify, Browserify is
awesome, it has similarities with Webpack
as far as like emulating Common
js in a browser which is great.
So we can use node modules and so
forth but that's where it's good.
And that's also where it stops right.
It doesn't treat everything as
a module like Webpack where,
we'll have some extra configuration.
So and then also when it comes to
my experience when it comes to
writing tests and doing other things
non related to just developing,
Browserify configurations
a little crazier.
The other do a lot of more things
to get stuff to work as far as like
testing with karma or maybe you want to.
Maybe you're using a different type of
module system requirejs or something and
you want to import that does.
Webpack does a good job for
resolving those different types of modules
Whereas Browserify can also do that but
I think the configuration is
a little more overhead in my head.
So this is a config file for
Webpack for Browserify.
If you wanted the same functionality
to disappear little more
confusing a little more work.
So that's my only fear other that but
you can get the same results and
Browserify is amazing.
Although, Webpack is
like trending right now.
I think Webpack and Browserify actually
came out around the same time.
I think Browserify just took off and
nobody knew about Webpack until they
start using it for react but
Webpack been around for a while.